# Project 1:

Re-build the 249 todo application project with Backbone.

# Project 2:

Build this site from scratch:

http://demos.telerik.com/kendo-ui/websushi/

# Schedule a Meeting for the Assessment Project
- Please book a 30 minute meeting with Kevin to get the final project and have your questions answered:
- https://knwang.youcanbook.me/

# Part 1 - Take Home Project

You'll be given a significant front end project which you'll need to build from scratch. The project is larger in scope than any course projects we covered in 260, and will be challenging. You'll be given up to 10 days to work on the project. Your deliverable for this project is not only code, but also a presentation that you'll give in the interview. The presentation is going to require you to explain and defend your high level design decisions for the application. You can include the following topics in the presentation:

- Diagrams that demonstrate the application architecture and data flow
- Main application design choices and trade offs
- Alternative ways of modeling and implementations, and reasons not to choose them /
- Technical challenges in the project and how you solved them
- Areas that can be improved
- Any potential issues as the application grows
- Please keep them in mind when you build your app and make delibrate decisions, so you can justify them later in the interview session. You're going to submit your code and presentation before the interview session.

# Part 2 - Interview

In the interview, we'll have you give your presentation. We'll challenge your decisions, propose alternatives and see whether you have true mastery on the subjects that you have learned. We're less concerned about whether you have made all the "right" decisions, but more on your level of understanding of front end development.


